Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi
everyone. Today is Friday, January the
9th, and this is the Moneyball Morning
Report for the Benzinga Pro platform.
charts by Trendpider and Gamma Flows by
Menther Cube. All right, let's start
with the ES. We are taking a look at the
E- Mini S&P 500. Let's see what we've
got going on today. We've got the
employment situation.
That's probably the reason we've had
such a sideways overnight market. And
we've got um housing starts and permits,
that sort of thing. So traders are a
little bit on edge taking a look at
what's going on in the charts. So
they're a little bit quiet. Let's start
with the E- Mini S&P. Yesterday I said
our choices were 6911 for a really nice
buy zone and potentially 6975
as a breakout or a rejection. Right, we
have if and then. So, we did come into
6933 a little bit. Uh, let me delete
this alert and then put a new one on.
So, we're going to look at 6933. If the
markets pull back just a bit into uh the
floor, this will be the first area we'll
have to look at that says 6933 could be
a buy zone. So, if it comes to 6933
and it begins to bounce and hold above
6935, we've got ourselves a buy zone.
So, it gives us a little bit of a
pressure vent that says, "All right, if
I can get up over that 35 area, I can
walk into 39 and so on and so forth." In
the overnight, we've seen some very
sideways price action. And that sideways
price action gives us a relative floor
at about 6950
and a relative ceiling that sits again
at our 6975 area. These green zones and
red zones are areas of support and
resistance defined by the ATR on the
30inut chart. So this is sort of a max
move to the north if that ATR holds. And
that max move to the north 69.990. The
floor is much closer, right? We've got
trends that are dip buying for sure. So
we want to watch for that. It could be
that we never come to 6933. That's just
going to be the ideal buy zone for me in
the ES. But I could potentially
um we could potentially
wager something that sits at this
50 area, right? We'd also want to watch
it if and then. Okay. If it comes and it
holds and recovers above that 6953 area,
you've got yourself long action. If it
comes into the 6950 area and loses the
edge or bounces and then loses the edge,
it gives us the downward formations into
6933.
Upward drafts take us to 6990. Zero DTE
call wall at 7,000.
The longerterm call wall is now at
7,050.
Put wall
pretty far below 6875
on that put wall event. Deep put support
at 6,800. So those numbers have moved
down the longer we've moved into the
week as we begin Friday. Let's take a
look at the NQ
30 minute chart shows a
similar pattern. We are seeing higher
lows. Yesterday I talked about, hey,
listen, if it comes into 25,000 and it
begins to bounce, it's going to give us
a buy zone. Look at what the buy zone
did. Took us into prior resistance.
That's a buy and sell at resistance
because trend is down. You get another
buy, sell at resistance because trend is
down. You get another buy, sell at
resistance
because trend is still down. But if you
had held on, it would have taken us into
that ATR resistance zone, which is what
we're staring down right now. It's that
25,750
area. It is going to be a pretty big
line in the sand because this is the
VWAP formation. We'll need
we'll need to probably put an alert
right there. This is a space where we
can say if it comes into 25,755
and it begins to dip below it's a fade
back down into potentially higher
support which is 25,675.
So about 75 points
and if it moves into this area and then
bounces and holds the floor, it's going
to take us up into the higher gamma
lines which are 25,800,
something like that, right? 50 points of
upside is is my thought. This is a big
spot. um 25,900
uh that uh or 25,890
really and that is very close to the
call wall which is 25,900.
We're in a big sideways patch here,
right? The dips worked really great. I
think it's the same dip formation. But
if it comes into 25,590
and it bounces, but it cannot get up
over 25,610.
It's probably going to fall into this
25,430.
It's very hard to say what's going on
here. Fridays are normally bullish, but
we'll see, right? Have no idea. Have no
idea. dips could be buys, but I am
waiting for the sweet spot at the bottom
of the accumulation zone. Let's take a
look at micro bitcoin.
Our call walls for micro bitcoin 92,000.
The zerote put wall was tested in the
overnight gave us an ATR move. So,
here's what this tells us. If we cannot
get above
this line at 90,990
going to remove that alert so that we
can create another one.
If we cannot get above this zone and
stay there, right? Can't get above
91,000. We test the 990. Can't get above
it. We rotate down. It's got negative
pressure back into the put support which
is about 89,700.
Gamma level one
is about 89,000.
The trend is still fairly negative, but
they did try to bounce up into the wall.
So, this zone here um
at 92,000 is going to be the same zone
that we'll need to watch in terms of if
it holds the level,
then we can see what goes, right? Or if
it holds the level and then it doesn't
uh if it tests the level and then cannot
hold the level, falls back into the
space, it's got, you know, a $1,000
motion. I I don't love any of this right
here. I would be much more likely to try
and find something that looks
like it's going to come into 88,000 or
below. And my sweet spot is, you know, I
am I'm looking for that 85,000 area to
see if it comes in where we can get
another bounce. All right, let's take a
look at let's go with oil.
Well, it had a pretty savage fade in the
overnight. You know, if we're taking a
look at this, the chart is still very
sideways. It's got a lot of uh bearish
traction sitting on the edge of it. Um,
hang on two sec here.
Um, it's just doesn't look very good,
but this is very toppy looking. So, my
thought is, let's draw a relative trend,
uh, excuse me, a relative line in the
sand. That's 68, excuse me, $58.23.
If it tests the line,
the first thought is it should be a
resistance zone. If it tests the line
and does not rotate back down and get
underneath this floor at $58,
this chart is going to run to the
upside. The gamma lines
show the call walls and the put walls
pretty far away. Call wall at $62.
Uh the put walls are down at 55. So
there's a lot of motion in here. first
support zone is 57. Now you could take a
look at
this uh 57 number and I think I want to
use
let's use let's use 58.90 excuse me
5690.
Well, for heaven's sakes, yes, that'll
give it to us.
Below 5690, we should see traders try to
bounce. If they don't, or if they bounce
and then fade, unable to get up over
5740,
we know it's got downside rotation to
the bottom of the box. This area at 55
is what I'm looking for. Um
there's a lot of pressure here in oil.
If we lose 55,
we literally could go to 45 in a snap.
Uh you know, the administration wants
lower price oil,
but that's not going to happen.
A capex is not it's not going to happen
if price of oil is down there 50. It's
just not going to happen. So there we
have it. uh dips, deep dips, still buys,
big spikes, still sells. Everything else
is just noise. Everything else is just
noise. So, I'm going to be looking for
those big spikes to find selling
pressure. My idea up here is the failure
to hold above 58.23
or the failure to hold below 5565. And
that will give me my trading event.
Let's go to silver.
Silver is uh Wow, that's a lot of lines
here. What we got going on?
Let's Oh, let's talk about this first.
Yesterday I said, "Hey, if it comes into
the 7450 and it has a look below and
fail, it becomes a buy." Now the
question is how much time do you want to
give it as a look below and go versus a
look below and fail. And so that is
going to be something you'll have to do
on say a five minute chart when you look
at this edge and you go okay I know it's
we've got some action that's likely to
occur here. If I see it fail the first
bounce and then bounce into resistance
and then lose that edge again, I can
take a short. However, I know the 7450
line is really important. So, the moment
I get up over it and I start cresting
into 75, I know I've got myself a buy
zone. That's how we need to look at
these levels in oil. Okay? And so,
excuse me, in silver. And so what have
we got right now? There's a big line up
here at 78. And let's remove all of
these annotations. See if this cleans up
a little bit better. It doesn't really
clean up too well because I'm tracking
the higher highs and higher lows with
these dots. And so we see all kinds of
lines all over the place. But it is
pretty important to note that this 78 is
a number to watch. If we get up over 78
and
we hold it,
it's going to be a continuation to the
top near 79.
This is a resistance, an old resistance
zone that was actually support for a
long time. And so this anchor VWAP could
give us 6867
on an updraft. And so that's what we'll
be staring down in terms of what we're
looking at. And so we want to be really
careful here if we're trying to short
this or we think we can hold on for a
long that goes up and up and up. It's
we're in a pretty messy patch. We're
going to have lots of reversals in the
formation. Okay. So, that being said,
above 78, it'll take us into these
higher lines like 7860,
78, 7940,
uh, and then
80, which is where our call wall is
sitting. Okay. Now, if per happen
stance, it gets up into this 78 and
cannot get up over the point of control,
which is where this resistance edge is,
you wait until it fails here. Notice the
top. See if you can manage the risk and
take the short. And the shorts will
bring us back down into the heavy
congestion zone. Where is that, you
know, old support that became resistance
that returned as support? Looks like
about 7619.
That's the next sweet spot, right? Maybe
right at 76.
Whoops. We put an alert there and that
will give us the opportunity to see if
price action can continue down or if
it's a sloppy mess right there. I would
say wait for it to stabilize and choose
direction before you move along with it.
You can use your moving average to help
you do that. All right, let's take a
look at gold.
Gold. Um, I don't know why this gold
chart looks so messy, but we did have
the test at 4500. That was a very nice
sell zone. Sadly, it occurred at the
overnight formation entry at 6:00 p.m.
Eastern.
very nice frontline support through the
put wall, but then it rebounded and
right now we are very sideways. The put
wall could easily be the floor and so
that
that ought to be the line in the sand we
need to watch
right around that put wall event and
that is $4,484.
If we lose that zone, it's going to be a
space for price action to move down into
the closer volume pockets down here at
around 4,40070.
If we breach 4500 and hold, now notice
how these actions work. They breach,
they pull back, they test again, they
pull back, and if they're moving in the
right direction, they'll break up over
the near-term resistance that they built
in the past. Okay? So, watch for that.
The big call wall is still 4515.
The put wall is still 44. Nope. The put
wall is up here at 44.85.
So, a lot of upside pressure staring us
down into gold. Let's finally take a
look at SPY.
What are we looking for? The touch of
686.
That's a somewhere around that 686 687
level. Let's remove the alert here and
lift this.
Let's Let's see if I can lift. You know
what? Let's remove this and
Let's remove that. Okay, we're going to
move the horizontal line above the
framework of support and that's going to
be 688
even. We're going to hold that as our
front line. Going to make an alert
there.
We'll see how the jobs numbers behave. I
would say please don't don't don't trade
the jobs numbers unless you you know
you have money to burn. just wait until
it settles out and you can see what it
does. Okay. So, a lot of folks picking
big upside pressure, a lot of folks um
picking big downside pressure. And so,
all we have to do is say, "All right,
I'm going to look at the lines." 691 is
the one we would have to breach and
hold, then go long. So, it's a pop up, a
pullback into a higher low, and then a
bounce out over the top. That gives us
the upper edges with the call wall at
and all of them that is the uh call wall
for zero DTE and the uh larger call wall
events. The put wall for the zero DTE is
and the deep put support is
680. Right? Dips are still clearly buys,
but we're sitting in a congestion
pocket. All right, that's it. Take care.
Be alert. Trade small or not at all.
We're in very volatile market spaces.
I'll see you on the streams. You can see
me on the Benzinga pre-market show today
and I'll be on Topstep TV for group
coaching and reversal challenge. All
right, see you soon everybody. Bye-bye.